IMPORTANT INFORMATION This document is confidential and may also be privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, please destroy all copies and notify the sender immediately. This document must not be forwarded or otherwise made available to any other person without the express written consent of SCB. This document is not and does not constitute research material, independent research, an offer, recommendation or solicitation to enter into any transaction or adopt any hedging, trading or investment strategy, in relation to any securities or other financial instruments. It is meant for use only as a reference tool. This document is intended for general circulation. It does not take into account your specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs and you should seek advice from your financial adviser regarding the suitability of the investment products referred to herein, taking into account your specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs, before you make a commitment to purchase the investment products referred to in this document. You should not invest in any of the funds listed in this document (collectively the “Funds” and individually a “Fund”) unless you are satisfied that an investment in any of the Funds is suitable for you and you have fully understood the features and risk involved of investing in such Funds. This document is not intended to be an offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any of the Funds and is not intended to, and shall not, constitute investment advice. Some of the Funds may not be available for distribution to you depending on your location, domicile, nationality or the Standard Chartered Bank (SCB) entity you are dealing with. Please contact your Private Banker for more information. If you are resident or domiciled in countries where fiscal or exchange control regulations may impinge on foreign or offshore investments, you should seek advice before proceeding. You should read the relevant offering documents of the Funds carefully for detailed information before deciding whether to invest in any of the Funds and you should pay particular attention to the risk factors set out therein. We recommend that you seek independent professional advice that takes into account considerations such as your financial situation and risk tolerance before making any investment decisions. Do not invest in investment products unless you fully understand and are willing to assume the risks associated with them. Opinions, projections and estimates are solely those of SCB at the date of this document and subject to change without notice. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. An investment in any of the Funds involve risks, the prices of units or shares of the Funds referred to in this document fluctuate, sometimes dramatically, and you may lose your entire investment. Some of the Funds may invest extensively in financial derivatives instruments or emerging markets and may have leveraged exposure, which may lead to higher risk of capital loss. Please ensure that you are comfortable with the risks involved before making an investment. Standard Chartered BankSCB is incorporated in England with limited liability by Royal Charter 1853, Reference number ZC 18. Its Principal Office is situated in England at 1 Basinghall Avenue, London, EC2V 5DD. SCB is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. Standard Chartered Private Bank is the private banking division of SCB. Banking activities may be carried out internationally by different SCB branches, subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively “SCB” and individually “SCB Entity”) according to local regulatory requirements. Please contact your Private Banker in relation to any matters arising from, or in connection with, this document. Recipients in any jurisdiction should contact the local SCB Entity in relation to any matters arising from, or in connection with, this document. Not all products and services are provided by each SCB Entity. This document has not and will not be registered as a prospectus in any jurisdiction and it is not authorised by any regulatory authority under any regulations. Information purposesThis document is for information purposes only and its content is not from independent research. It is meant only for use as a reference tool. It has not been prepared for any particular person or category of persons. The Funds referred herein constitute only a portion of the funds that are available for distribution from SCB and references to the Funds in this document do not constitute recommendations over any other fund available from SCB. Please note that the information and data in connection with the Funds referred to in this document: (a) are the property of SCB; (b) are not intended to provide financial, legal, accounting or tax advice to any person and should not be relied upon in that regard; (c) may not be copied or distributed without the prior consent of SCB; (d) are based on sources believed by SCB to be reliable but it is not expressly or impliedly represented, warranted or guaranteed by SCB as to its accuracy or completeness. Information and data contained in this document is current only as at its date and may no longer be true or complete when read by an investor. Information and data contained herein are subject to change without notice to you. SCB accepts no liability and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly (including special, incidental or consequential loss or damage) from your use of this document, howsoever arising, and including any loss, damage or expense arising from, but not limited to, any defect, error, imperfection, fault, mistake or inaccuracy with this document, its contents or associated services, or due to any unavailability of the document or any part thereof or any contents or associated services. Your independent investment decisionAny investment decision by you should not be made based solely on the information contained in this document and you accept that SCB has no responsibility or obligation in connection with your decision to invest in the Funds referred to in this document. Volatility of investmentsThis document does not constitute a prediction of the likely future movements in rates or prices or any representation that such future movementswill exceed those shown in this document. An investor in the Funds may be exposed to exchange rate fluctuations which may cause the value of investments to go up or down. The value and income of any investment you may decide to make in any of the Funds can fall as well as rise and you may get back less than invested. Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) DisclaimerBanking activities may be carried out internationally by different branches, subsidiaries and affiliates within the Standard Chartered Group according to local regulatory requirements. Opinions may contain outright “buy”, “sell”, “hold” or other opinions. The time horizon of this opinion is dependent on prevailing market conditions and there is no planned frequency for updates to the opinion. This opinion is not independent of Standard Chartered Group’s trading strategies or positions. Standard Chartered Group and/or its affiliates or its respective officers, directors, employee benefit programmes or employees, including persons involved in the preparation or issuance of this document may at any time, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, be long or short any securities or financial instruments referred to in this document or have material interest in any such securities or related investments. Therefore, it is possible, and you should assume, that Standard Chartered Group has a material interest in one or more of the financial instruments mentioned herein. Please refer to https:// www. sc.com/en/banking-services/market-disclaimer.html for more detailed disclosures, including past opinions/recommendations in the last 12 months and conflict of interests, as well as disclaimers. A covering strategist may have a financial interest in the debt or equity securities of the company/issuer referred to in this document.                                  Author and job title Victor Teo, Fund AnalystLength of time of the opinion This is a long-term trade idea with an intended time horizon of 24 months.Price source, date
and time Prices and performance were sourced from the fund provider and Morningstar respectively on 03 May 2021, at approximately 9:00AMAssumptions -sensitivity analysis of the assumptions This communication is not intended to forecast or predict future events. Past performance is not a guarantee or indication of future returns. This communication may contain such information as projections, forecasts or estimates of cash flows, yields or return, scenario analyses and proposed or expected portfolio composition. Any such information is based upon certain assumptions about market events or conditions and is intended only to illustrate hypothetical results under those assumptions (not all of which are specified herein or can be ascertained at this time). These assumptions include, and are not limited to, the following:·     no adverse market events that affect the global markets occur;·     the major economies (e.g. China and the U.S.) do not experience substantial slowdowns;·     there are no extreme exchange rate / currency fluctuationsRisk Warning Refer to the main body of the trade idea.Summary of methodology and models used The funds are chosen based on the Bank’s proprietary funds selection process. Funds have to first pass a quantitative screening that reviews the size, track record and risk/reward characteristics before they are subjected to a qualitative screening. Qualitative review forms the most important part of the funds selection process and focuses on the following 3Ps - (i) People, (ii) Process, (iii) Performance.                       Previous opinions that differ from current opinion Date of
DisseminationAsset
ClassProduct NameUnderlying  NANANANA                   Buy, Sell, HoldValidity PeriodMarket
PriceTarget
PriceAuthor  NANANANANA                        Date and time of completion 03 May 2021 at 9:29AM                                                          No deposit protectionInvestments in any of the Funds are not bank deposits and are not protected under any deposit protection scheme by any authority. CapacityIf you decide to invest through SCB in any of the Funds, SCB will, as distributor, be acting as agent for you, only for the purpose of effecting transactions in relation to the Funds as directed by you. In no circumstances will SCB act as an investment adviser to you. SCB as distributorSCB acts as a distributor of the Funds (which represents a proportion of all of the funds for which SCB acts as distributor). To the extent permitted under applicable law and regulations, SCB receives fees including trail commissions for the Funds that it distributes. SCB, and/or a connected company, may at any time, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, be invested in any securities, currencies or financial instruments referred to in this document or have a material interest in any such securities or related investment, or may be the only market maker in relation to such investments, or provide, or have provided advice, investment banking or other services, to issuers of such investments. Accordingly, SCB, its affiliates and/or subsidiaries may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this document. Hong KongThis document is being provided by Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited (CE#:AJI614) (“SCBHK”), a subsidiary of Standard Chartered PLC. SCBHK has its registered address at 32/F, Standard Chartered Bank Building, 4-4A Des Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong, and is regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and registered with the Securities and Futures Commission (“SFC”) to carry on Type 1 (dealing in securities), Type 4 (advising on securities), Type 6 (advising on corporate finance) and Type 9 (asset management) regulated activity under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) (“SFO”)(CE No. AJI614). This document is provided on the express understanding that, whilst the information in it is believed to be reliable, it has not been independently verified by SCBHK. The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong and you are advised to exercise caution in relation to any offer set out herein. If you are in doubt about any of the contents of this document, you should obtain independent professional advice. This document has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus in Hong Kong or authorised by the SFC under the SFO. Any product named herein may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document at any time other than to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under that ordinance. In addition, this document may not be issued or possessed for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, and any interests may not be disposed of, to any person unless such person is outside Hong Kong or is a “professional investor” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under that ordinance, or as otherwise may be permitted by that ordinance. In Hong Kong, Standard Chartered Private Bank is the private banking division of Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited. To the extent any of the funds referred to have been authorised by the SFC, please note that SFC authorisation is not a recommendation or endorsement of such funds nor does it guarantee the commercial merits of a product or its performance. It does not mean the product is suitable for all investors nor is it an endorsement of its suitability of any particular investor or class of investors. WARNING: An investment in any of the Funds is not a deposit and may involve derivatives. Do not invest in it unless you fully understand and are willing to assume the risks associated with it. If you are in any doubt about the risks involved in the product, you may clarify with the intermediary or seek independent professional advice. The investment decision is yours and you are advised to exercise caution in making any investment decision, including understanding the extent of your exposure to loss of your initial investment with regards to your financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives. Jersey, Channel IslandsIn Jersey, Standard Chartered Private Bank is the Registered Business Name of the Jersey Branch of SCB. The Jersey Branch of SCB is regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission.  Copies of the latest audited accounts of SCB are available from its principal place of business in Jersey: PO Box 80, 15 Castle Street, St Helier, Jersey JE4 8PT. SCB is incorporated in England with limited liability by Royal Charter in 1853 Reference Number ZC 18. Its Principal Office is situated in England at 1 Basinghall Avenue, London, EC2V 5DD.  SCB is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority.  The Jersey Branch of SCB is also an authorised financial services provider under license number 44946 issued by the Financial Sector Authority of the Republic of South Africa. Jersey is not part of the United Kingdom and all business transacted with SCB, Jersey Branch and other Standard Chartered Group Offices outside of the United Kingdom, are not subject to some or any of the investor protection and compensation schemes available under United Kingdom law. United KingdomStandard Chartered Bank (trading as Standard Chartered Private Bank) is an authorised financial services provider (licence number 45747) in terms of the South African Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, 2002. Issue of this document in the United Kingdom has been approved by SCB for the purposes of section 21(2)(b) of the United Kingdom’s Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) as amended in 2010 and 2012 only. [The marketing and sale of the products and services detailed in this document may not be permitted in some countries under local laws. This document does not constitute an offer, solicitation or invitation to transact business in any country. If you are resident or domiciled in these countries where fiscal or exchange control regulations may impinge on foreign or offshore investments, you should seek advice before proceeding. With any investment the value may fall as well as rise and in some circumstances you may not get back the full amount invested. You are not certain to make a profit and may lose money or make a loss. Changes in rates may cause the value of investments to go up or down. Past performance should not be seen as an indication of future performance. The level, rates and bases of, and relief from taxation are those currently available and may change in the future. SingaporeIn Singapore, this document is being distributed in Singapore by Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited only to accredited investors, expert investors or institutional investors, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore. Recipients in Singapore should contact Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited in relation to any matters arising from, or in connection with, this document. In Singapore, Standard Chartered Private Bank is the Private Banking division of Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited (Registration No. 201224747C) (GST Group Registration No. MR-8500053-0). Any information contained in this presentation:(a) Are intended for general circulation; and(b) Do not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. This document is intended for general circulation. This document does not take into account your specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs and you should seek advice from your financial adviser regarding the suitability of the investment products referred to in this document for you, taking into account your specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs, before you make a commitment to purchase the investment products referred to in this document. This document is for general information purposes only and is not an offering document or prospectus (as defined in the Securities and Futures Act of Singapore (“SFA”). This document is not, nor is it intended to be (i) an offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial product; or (ii) an advertisement of an offer or intended offer of any financial product. DIFC – Dubai International Financial CentreStandard Chartered Bank, Dubai International Financial Centre (SCB DIFC) having its offices at Dubai International Financial Centre, Building 1, Gate Precinct, P.O. Box 999, Dubai, UAE is a branch of SCB and is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). This document is intended for use only by Professional Clients and is not directed at Retail Clients as defined by the DFSA Rulebook.  In the DIFC we are authorized to provide financial services only to clients who qualify as Professional Clients and Market Counterparties and not to Retail Clients. As a Professional Client you will not be given the higher retail client protection and compensation rights and if you use your right to be classified as a Retail Client we will be unable to provide financial services and products to you as we do not hold the required license to undertake such activities. For Islamic transactions, we are acting under the supervision of our Standard Chartered Bank Global Shariah Supervisory Committee. Relevant information on our Shariah Supervisory Committee is currently available on the SCB website in the Islamic banking section at: https:// www. sc.com/en/banking/islamic-banking/ CopyrightStandard Chartered Bank 2021. Copyright in all materials, text, articles and information contained herein is the property of, and may only be reproduced, redistributed or forwarded with permission of an authorised signatory of, SCB. Copyright in materials created by third parties and the rights under copyright of such parties are hereby acknowledged. Copyright in all other materials not belonging to third parties and copyright in these materials as a compilation vests and shall remain at all times copyright of SCB and should not be reproduced or used except for business purposes on behalf of SCB or save with the express prior written consent of an authorised signatory of SCB. All rights reserved. © Standard Chartered Bank.