Invesco Global Consumer TrendsFUND SNAPSHOTxx June 2021 Dear[CLIENT],[RMs to insert comments] Fund Overview: Invesco Global Consumer Trends We are pleased to introduceAllianz Global Artificial Intelligence, whichallows clients to capture the inevitable shift towards transportation becoming electrified, more connected, autonomous and shared.Key Points Benefiting from clean-energy & infrastructure stimulus spending: About 75% of the portfolio is invested in companies exposed to the materials, components and technologies required to produce and charge electric vehicles. These businesses stand to directly benefit from an acceleration in clean-energy related and infrastructure investments across the US, Europe and China, as well as growing consumer demand for EVs. The portfolio has a global exposure across US (~40%), Europe (~25%) and Asia (~35%).Diversified exposure to Smart Mobility eco-system: Technological advancement and artificial intelligence is revolutionising the automotive industry. The fund also invests in companies across the supply chain that develops autonomous driving systems, in areas such as semiconductors, software, electrification and connectivity. Allocation to technology stocks is significant in the portfolio (~55%) given the critical role the sector plays in enabling the future of transport.Growing, diversified and pure-play investment universe:In this fast-evolving industry, theinvestment team follows a disciplined process to constantly ensure the purity of the universe, by adding new and emerging companies related to the smart mobility theme, and removing stocks that no longer qualify as a pure play on the theme. This approach sets the fund apart from competition in the industry.·      Strong performance delivered by industry pioneer: The Fund has delivered strong absolute and relative performance since inception*, posting annualised returns of 24.5% vs 14.2% (MSCI World). The strategy was incepted in 2018, among the first EV related thematic strategies in the industry. Thiemo Lang, the portfolio manager, has managed strategies related to smart energy/materials/mobility since 2002. Key risks: This fund is primarily exposed to global growth and stock selection specific risks. When the global economy is in the beginning and middle stages of a contraction, leisure stocks, and consequently the fund, may underperform the general market as discretionary spending slows. •           Monetise long term consumption-related opportunities: The portfolio invests into stocks that benefit from 1) growth in discretionary spending and 2) the long-term shift in consumption patterns, driven by proliferation of internet connectivity, demographics shift and rising income.•           Leverage on both structural and cyclical consumption trends: The managers allocate the portfolio largely to stocks leveraged to long-term structural trends such as e-commerce, digital media consumption, demographic shifts towards experiences over material goods or towards healthier lifestyles, and balances it with tactical positioning in cyclical themes such as recovery in global durable and non-durable goods.The fund uses a rigorous, bottom-up investment style with a focus on financial statement analysis and valuation. The fund aims to provide long-term capital growth from a portfolio of investments in companies predominantly engaged in the design, production or distribution of products and services related to the discretionary consumer needs of individuals, which can include automobile, household construction and durables, media and internet companies and other companies engaged in meeting the demands of consumers.•           Preference towards large cap, higher growth stocks: Highly convicted portfolio of 60-75 stocks that are also diversified and flexibly allocated across multiple industries based on the secular themes.•           Excellent track record since manager took over in May 2011: The fund has outperformed both its benchmark and developed market equities over 5 years since Ido Cohen took over as lead manager.•           A research-based, global approach to capturing changes in consumer trends, including those driven by increasing digital connectivity, demographics and improving living standards.•           The strategy aims to achieve long-term capital growth from a diversified portfolio of companies predominantly engaged in products and services benefitting from the leisure time and consumption activities of individuals.  These trends span many sectors and the fund is nimble to capture the shifting behaviours of consumers as well as the evolving opportunity set offered by the macroeconomic environment.•           Focus on stocks that benefit from structural shift in consumer habits•           Invest in the powerful secular theme of global consumption growth•           Long-term outperformance against its benchmark and global equities Source: Morningstar, *Performance as of 19 April 2021. Inception of the Fund on 31 July 2018. Fund Strategy The fund is well positioned to capture the winners in consumer trends and flexibly allocates across multiple industries based on the secular themes.  *Theme exposure as of April 2021 The team adopts a bottom-up fundamental analysis to produce unique insights, focusing on the best ideas that would benefit from the changes in consumption patterns.   COVID was a turning point for how consumers spend. The fund adopts an evolving portfolio to benefit from each stage of the vaccine rollout.  Source: Invesco as of April 2021 Fund Manager  Source: Invesco, as of April 2021 Fund Performance  Source: Bloomberg, indexed performance = 100, 28 Apr 20 to 28 Apr 21 The Fund has exhibitedconsistent outperformanceagainst the benchmark since inceptionFund/IndexYTD 202120202019201820171Y3Y (ann)5Y (ann)Invesco Global Consumer Trends Fund5.361.335.6--104.3--MSCI World Consumer Discretionary Index10.315.927.7--48.1--Source: Morningstar in USD% as of 30 May 2021. Top 10 Holdings NamePortfolio Weight %Amazon9.9Caesars Entertainment5.0Penn National Gaming3.6Sony3.3EPR Properties3.0Farfetch2.9Alibaba2.7Sea2.5Booking2.5Hello Fresh2.2Source: Invesco as of 30 April 2021 Fund InformationInception Date:3 October 1994AUM (as of end Apr-21): USD 7.2 bnBenchmark: MSCI World Consumer Discretionary IndexPRR: 5LTV: 70%Liquidity: DailyManagement Fee:1.50% p.a.Available ShareclassesAccumulationA USD (LU0052864419)A Hedged Acc EUR (LU1590492135)A Hedged Acc SGD (LU1740355042)DistributionA Annual Dis EUR (LU1504056026) Offering Materials FactsheetProspectus Please feel free to contact me if you have any queries. Best regards,[RM Name]   IMPORTANT INFORMATION This document is confidential and may also be privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, please destroy all copies and notify the sender immediately. This document must not be forwarded or otherwise made available to any other person without the express written consent of SCB. This document is not and does not constitute research material, independent research, an offer, recommendation or solicitation to enter into any transaction or adopt any hedging, trading or investment strategy, in relation to any securities or other financial instruments. It is meant for use only as a reference tool. This document is intended for general circulation. It does not take into account your specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs and you should seek advice from your financial adviser regarding the suitability of the investment products referred to herein, taking into account your specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs, before you make a commitment to purchase the investment products referred to in this document. You should not invest in any of the funds listed in this document (collectively the “Funds” and individually a “Fund”) unless you are satisfied that an investment in any of the Funds is suitable for you and you have fully understood the features and risk involved of investing in such Funds. This document is not intended to be an offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any of the Funds and is not intended to, and shall not, constitute investment advice. Some of the Funds may not be available for distribution to you depending on your location, domicile, nationality or the Standard Chartered Bank (SCB) entity you are dealing with. Please contact your Private Banker for more information. If you are resident or domiciled in countries where fiscal or exchange control regulations may impinge on foreign or offshore investments, you should seek advice before proceeding. You should read the relevant offering documents of the Funds carefully for detailed information before deciding whether to invest in any of the Funds and you should pay particular attention to the risk factors set out therein. We recommend that you seek independent professional advice that takes into account considerations such as your financial situation and risk tolerance before making any investment decisions. Do not invest in investment products unless you fully understand and are willing to assume the risks associated with them. Opinions, projections and estimates are solely those of SCB at the date of this document and subject to change without notice. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. An investment in any of the Funds involve risks, the prices of units or shares of the Funds referred to in this document fluctuate, sometimes dramatically, and you may lose your entire investment. Some of the Funds may invest extensively in financial derivatives instruments or emerging markets and may have leveraged exposure, which may lead to higher risk of capital loss. Please ensure that you are comfortable with the risks involved before making an investment. Standard Chartered BankSCB is incorporated in England with limited liability by Royal Charter 1853, Reference number ZC 18. Its Principal Office is situated in England at 1 Basinghall Avenue, London, EC2V 5DD. SCB is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. Standard Chartered Private Bank is the private banking division of SCB. Banking activities may be carried out internationally by different SCB branches, subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively “SCB” and individually “SCB Entity”) according to local regulatory requirements. Please contact your Private Banker in relation to any matters arising from, or in connection with, this document. Recipients in any jurisdiction should contact the local SCB Entity in relation to any matters arising from, or in connection with, this document. Not all products and services are provided by each SCB Entity. This document has not and will not be registered as a prospectus in any jurisdiction and it is not authorised by any regulatory authority under any regulations. Information purposesThis document is for information purposes only and its content is not from independent research. It is meant only for use as a reference tool. It has not been prepared for any particular person or category of persons. The Funds referred herein constitute only a portion of the funds that are available for distribution from SCB and references to the Funds in this document do not constitute recommendations over any other fund available from SCB. Please note that the information and data in connection with the Funds referred to in this document: (a) are the property of SCB; (b) are not intended to provide financial, legal, accounting or tax advice to any person and should not be relied upon in that regard; (c) may not be copied or distributed without the prior consent of SCB; (d) are based on sources believed by SCB to be reliable but it is not expressly or impliedly represented, warranted or guaranteed by SCB as to its accuracy or completeness. Information and data contained in this document is current only as at its date and may no longer be true or complete when read by an investor. Information and data contained herein are subject to change without notice to you. SCB accepts no liability and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly (including special, incidental or consequential loss or damage) from your use of this document, howsoever arising, and including any loss, damage or expense arising from, but not limited to, any defect, error, imperfection, fault, mistake or inaccuracy with this document, its contents or associated services, or due to any unavailability of the document or any part thereof or any contents or associated services. Your independent investment decisionAny investment decision by you should not be made based solely on the information contained in this document and you accept that SCB has no responsibility or obligation in connection with your decision to invest in the Funds referred to in this document. Volatility of investmentsThis document does not constitute a prediction of the likely future movements in rates or prices or any representation that such future movementswill exceed those shown in this document. An investor in the Funds may be exposed to exchange rate fluctuations which may cause the value of investments to go up or down. The value and income of any investment you may decide to make in any of the Funds can fall as well as rise and you may get back less than invested. Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) DisclaimerBanking activities may be carried out internationally by different branches, subsidiaries and affiliates within the Standard Chartered Group according to local regulatory requirements. Opinions may contain outright “buy”, “sell”, “hold” or other opinions. The time horizon of this opinion is dependent on prevailing market conditions and there is no planned frequency for updates to the opinion. This opinion is not independent of Standard Chartered Group’s trading strategies or positions. Standard Chartered Group and/or its affiliates or its respective officers, directors, employee benefit programmes or employees, including persons involved in the preparation or issuance of this document may at any time, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, be long or short any securities or financial instruments referred to in this document or have material interest in any such securities or related investments. Therefore, it is possible, and you should assume, that Standard Chartered Group has a material interest in one or more of the financial instruments mentioned herein. Please refer to https:// www. sc.com/en/banking-services/market-disclaimer.html for more detailed disclosures, including past opinions/recommendations in the last 12 months and conflict of interests, as well as disclaimers. A covering strategist may have a financial interest in the debt or equity securities of the company/issuer referred to in this document.                                  Author and job title Victor Teo, Fund AnalystLength of time of the opinion This is a long-term trade idea with an intended time horizon of 24 months.Price source, date
and time Prices and performance were sourced from the fund provider and Morningstar respectively on 03 May 2021, at approximately 9:00AMAssumptions -sensitivity analysis of the assumptions This communication is not intended to forecast or predict future events. Past performance is not a guarantee or indication of future returns. This communication may contain such information as projections, forecasts or estimates of cash flows, yields or return, scenario analyses and proposed or expected portfolio composition. Any such information is based upon certain assumptions about market events or conditions and is intended only to illustrate hypothetical results under those assumptions (not all of which are specified herein or can be ascertained at this time). These assumptions include, and are not limited to, the following:·     no adverse market events that affect the global markets occur;·     the major economies (e.g. China and the U.S.) do not experience substantial slowdowns;·     there are no extreme exchange rate / currency fluctuationsRisk Warning Refer to the main body of the trade idea.Summary of methodology and models used The funds are chosen based on the Bank’s proprietary funds selection process. Funds have to first pass a quantitative screening that reviews the size, track record and risk/reward characteristics before they are subjected to a qualitative screening. Qualitative review forms the most important part of the funds selection process and focuses on the following 3Ps - (i) People, (ii) Process, (iii) Performance.                       Previous opinions that differ from current opinion Date of
DisseminationAsset
ClassProduct NameUnderlying  NANANANA                   Buy, Sell, HoldValidity PeriodMarket
PriceTarget
PriceAuthor  NANANANANA                        Date and time of completion 03 May 2021 at 9:29AM                                                          No deposit protectionInvestments in any of the Funds are not bank deposits and are not protected under any deposit protection scheme by any authority. CapacityIf you decide to invest through SCB in any of the Funds, SCB will, as distributor, be acting as agent for you, only for the purpose of effecting transactions in relation to the Funds as directed by you. In no circumstances will SCB act as an investment adviser to you. SCB as distributorSCB acts as a distributor of the Funds (which represents a proportion of all of the funds for which SCB acts as distributor). To the extent permitted under applicable law and regulations, SCB receives fees including trail commissions for the Funds that it distributes. SCB, and/or a connected company, may at any time, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, be invested in any securities, currencies or financial instruments referred to in this document or have a material interest in any such securities or related investment, or may be the only market maker in relation to such investments, or provide, or have provided advice, investment banking or other services, to issuers of such investments. Accordingly, SCB, its affiliates and/or subsidiaries may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this document. Hong KongThis document is being provided by Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited (CE#:AJI614) (“SCBHK”), a subsidiary of Standard Chartered PLC. SCBHK has its registered address at 32/F, Standard Chartered Bank Building, 4-4A Des Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong, and is regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and registered with the Securities and Futures Commission (“SFC”) to carry on Type 1 (dealing in securities), Type 4 (advising on securities), Type 6 (advising on corporate finance) and Type 9 (asset management) regulated activity under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) (“SFO”)(CE No. AJI614). This document is provided on the express understanding that, whilst the information in it is believed to be reliable, it has not been independently verified by SCBHK. The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong and you are advised to exercise caution in relation to any offer set out herein. If you are in doubt about any of the contents of this document, you should obtain independent professional advice. This document has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus in Hong Kong or authorised by the SFC under the SFO. Any product named herein may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document at any time other than to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under that ordinance. In addition, this document may not be issued or possessed for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, and any interests may not be disposed of, to any person unless such person is outside Hong Kong or is a “professional investor” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under that ordinance, or as otherwise may be permitted by that ordinance. In Hong Kong, Standard Chartered Private Bank is the private banking division of Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited. To the extent any of the funds referred to have been authorised by the SFC, please note that SFC authorisation is not a recommendation or endorsement of such funds nor does it guarantee the commercial merits of a product or its performance. It does not mean the product is suitable for all investors nor is it an endorsement of its suitability of any particular investor or class of investors. WARNING: An investment in any of the Funds is not a deposit and may involve derivatives. Do not invest in it unless you fully understand and are willing to assume the risks associated with it. If you are in any doubt about the risks involved in the product, you may clarify with the intermediary or seek independent professional advice. The investment decision is yours and you are advised to exercise caution in making any investment decision, including understanding the extent of your exposure to loss of your initial investment with regards to your financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives. Jersey, Channel IslandsIn Jersey, Standard Chartered Private Bank is the Registered Business Name of the Jersey Branch of SCB. The Jersey Branch of SCB is regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission.  Copies of the latest audited accounts of SCB are available from its principal place of business in Jersey: PO Box 80, 15 Castle Street, St Helier, Jersey JE4 8PT. SCB is incorporated in England with limited liability by Royal Charter in 1853 Reference Number ZC 18. Its Principal Office is situated in England at 1 Basinghall Avenue, London, EC2V 5DD.  SCB is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority.  The Jersey Branch of SCB is also an authorised financial services provider under license number 44946 issued by the Financial Sector Authority of the Republic of South Africa. Jersey is not part of the United Kingdom and all business transacted with SCB, Jersey Branch and other Standard Chartered Group Offices outside of the United Kingdom, are not subject to some or any of the investor protection and compensation schemes available under United Kingdom law. United KingdomStandard Chartered Bank (trading as Standard Chartered Private Bank) is an authorised financial services provider (licence number 45747) in terms of the South African Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, 2002. Issue of this document in the United Kingdom has been approved by SCB for the purposes of section 21(2)(b) of the United Kingdom’s Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) as amended in 2010 and 2012 only. [The marketing and sale of the products and services detailed in this document may not be permitted in some countries under local laws. This document does not constitute an offer, solicitation or invitation to transact business in any country. If you are resident or domiciled in these countries where fiscal or exchange control regulations may impinge on foreign or offshore investments, you should seek advice before proceeding. With any investment the value may fall as well as rise and in some circumstances you may not get back the full amount invested. You are not certain to make a profit and may lose money or make a loss. Changes in rates may cause the value of investments to go up or down. Past performance should not be seen as an indication of future performance. The level, rates and bases of, and relief from taxation are those currently available and may change in the future. SingaporeIn Singapore, this document is being distributed in Singapore by Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited only to accredited investors, expert investors or institutional investors, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore. Recipients in Singapore should contact Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited in relation to any matters arising from, or in connection with, this document. In Singapore, Standard Chartered Private Bank is the Private Banking division of Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited (Registration No. 201224747C) (GST Group Registration No. MR-8500053-0). Any information contained in this presentation:(a) Are intended for general circulation; and(b) Do not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. This document is intended for general circulation. This document does not take into account your specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs and you should seek advice from your financial adviser regarding the suitability of the investment products referred to in this document for you, taking into account your specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs, before you make a commitment to purchase the investment products referred to in this document. This document is for general information purposes only and is not an offering document or prospectus (as defined in the Securities and Futures Act of Singapore (“SFA”). This document is not, nor is it intended to be (i) an offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial product; or (ii) an advertisement of an offer or intended offer of any financial product. DIFC – Dubai International Financial CentreStandard Chartered Bank, Dubai International Financial Centre (SCB DIFC) having its offices at Dubai International Financial Centre, Building 1, Gate Precinct, P.O. Box 999, Dubai, UAE is a branch of SCB and is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). This document is intended for use only by Professional Clients and is not directed at Retail Clients as defined by the DFSA Rulebook.  In the DIFC we are authorized to provide financial services only to clients who qualify as Professional Clients and Market Counterparties and not to Retail Clients. As a Professional Client you will not be given the higher retail client protection and compensation rights and if you use your right to be classified as a Retail Client we will be unable to provide financial services and products to you as we do not hold the required license to undertake such activities. For Islamic transactions, we are acting under the supervision of our Standard Chartered Bank Global Shariah Supervisory Committee. Relevant information on our Shariah Supervisory Committee is currently available on the SCB website in the Islamic banking section at: https:// www. sc.com/en/banking/islamic-banking/ CopyrightStandard Chartered Bank 2021. Copyright in all materials, text, articles and information contained herein is the property of, and may only be reproduced, redistributed or forwarded with permission of an authorised signatory of, SCB. Copyright in materials created by third parties and the rights under copyright of such parties are hereby acknowledged. Copyright in all other materials not belonging to third parties and copyright in these materials as a compilation vests and shall remain at all times copyright of SCB and should not be reproduced or used except for business purposes on behalf of SCB or save with the express prior written consent of an authorised signatory of SCB. All rights reserved. © Standard Chartered Bank.